[Music]
the lawsuit save me from light
in which they are selling with Monica
Pont no no it is not the day of the interview
with Monica Pont in fact I do not know if it will be the
same one in which they throw
Lorena has to come by the way
we agreed that Lorena was going to come
here she
just sent me a message it puts the
107 I feel bad it was not my intention
ruales are blocked I have not been able to
read your message let's see they tell me that at
hour 141
I have to see it I have to see what
Mercedes Pilar says to several people skates here
at hour 41
better well
terrible yours tells her that she looks at
Maria Patino
this is all your fault she was so
afraid of your BP video that they had to
put together terrible it's for the next
analysis load from the wind I know about the
wealth
that happens to be in Mercadona
the car at 500
okay perfect they give you permission to speak
listen to me
Mercadona chas
in which market do you launch
from the town but the market now can't
open today guys to see and even the
people at home waiting  let's see how
this thing is resolved
and it
is that we cannot live and we cannot
continue our lives what do you think that
people are putting me in the chacas
had an argument on another channel
ab I do not agree it would
not be nice everyone has their
opinion of course
the question
and what we have done
impartially naturally
and
now
like Sevilla what I am saying
or rather in plan b
because but let's see
in that drawing of the separation if this
were true he still hasn't said
anything and I will sue as reading
okay that falls within his private life
and she said that she had separated from TNT
if this were true that you have to
subscribe I don't know what I don't know how much
people say she is saying
this afternoon she had lost a thousand
subscribers
but well because people I don't know but
I don't understand that
anyway that people feel bad because it is that I don't
know he hasn't spoken yet
let's be cautious let's
calm down
this is what we have done is a little
defend justice that we have seen and that
has nothing to do with his private life you
don't know a point would be one thing is that something has been
done wrong here or here what would be
bad  what I'm saying that
would be bad would be if he has caught
the work deceived, man,
obviously,
but it is not yet known, he will
surely speak in the next few hours,
but I insist that this date is in the
past, that it happened here and there,
we will see it first when I see it,
well, we can talk, but while
far away, so he does not do the best now,
triple the damage when we can already do
both, they are lies, you know when he
speaks, then let's not make other
parallel trials again,
Andrew Davis again,
then we will be prudent, we will
see what has happened, we will see if
he is going to speak because in the end, the best thing
because
big in the next few hours and a half
has to and I will not be able to say anything,
but I think that in the next few hours
we will know something, okay, we will
know if he cheated on her, waves and tamales,
I am unjustifiable, they
are clear,
deceived, he is unfaithful, that is clear that
whoever it is, I
will never defend it, it
is something that is ugly and evident in the
text,
in no way
what happens, man, it has nothing to
do with the issue of abuse, with the issue
of lies,
of course they are already happening
chest beating as if to say see if I have to
divide María Patiño and of course you would
n't have credibility I sing a law will be
developed every night with one it
's one thing with the other
and now she's also a bad father or May it's
not that María Patiño now it's that
María Patiño wouldn't have credibility even
if suddenly it were true what
Rocío Carrasco brought up the subject it's not the
subject it's
the subject they've lied they've exaggerated
things they've put [ __ ] in the magazine
readings they've put today about the
embezzlement of assets it's like they have they're
taking advantage and running from here
from there let's
manipulate save it
like this week we can save the
audience and we find this week and
gorgeous with the tribute let's see how
we can click with the unmentionable
unmentionable and they're going to dedicate
the programs of the week to the week then and
then you think you still have
an iota of confidence Antonia Vino
Abelló I'm the one who
avn we ca
n't talk but vintage or it's
private and such I have the feeling
that when we were with them
what I was saying I also
but still  I'm not here, I have the
feeling that,
oh
thanks, even a kiss from
Enrique, and Enrique has also done very
well, he does
n't buy the good brand on the market, you
bastard,
for now I want a landowner
until he has, like, 100,000
subscribers
and 80, 80 thousand subscribers. It starts with
Casa Tarradellas,
today with the family, for subscribing to
Enrique García's YouTube channel, Enrique, a
big hug, man,
now they are king, Enrique still has a
little hope for Antonio da Vale.
[Music]